Todd Lubin, John Sturm, James Bothwick
Documentation
How to configure:
(1) go to https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/1.4/intro/install/ and install python django on your computer following this walkthrough
(2) choose some place on your computer to put our project directory. Place the directory there.
(3) Navigate one layer inside the directory. At this level there should be a file named manage.py
(4) open up a terminal window or command prompt, and run: python manage.py run server
How to use: 
Users will initially go to the login page where they have the option to login if they have an account or to register a new account. Once a user logs in successfully, they are redirected to the home.html page. This page displays a calendar, to-do list, and a menu dropdown that displays notifications. To add an event to the to-do list, simply click inside the box labeled “New To-Do Item.” A user can type in a new task and press enter. A user can drag and rearrange the to-do items in any way he or she wants. However, they cannot be dragged onto the calendar (because of jquery conflicts with draggable and sortable). A checkbox appears when you mouse over a to-do item. Clicking on the checkbox will erase the to-do item. If you refresh the page at any time the to-do items will reload in the order that you left them.   
To add an event to the calendar, click on any date on the calendar. This brings up a dialogue box to create an event. Input the title you want to display on the calendar, use the date picker to select or manually enter a date of the event into the calendar, and pick the start and end time of an event. You also can enter a repeating event that will repeat daily, weekly, or biweekly until a certain user inputted event (or a set maximum if no end date is inputted). Once an event is added to the calendar, you can drag the event to a different day or time and drop it anywhere on the calendar. If you click the bottom of an item in the calendar you also can easily adjust the hours by dragging, or by clicking the side you can alter the number of days it lasts for. When creating an event you also have the option to share the event with other users by entering their usernames into the share with box. Possible usernames you can share with will be suggested through the jquery autocomplete plugin. This will add the event to their calendar and add a notification to the drop down menu at the top. We would have liked to make the events appear only after the user accepts the shared event but we ran out of time for that. You can switch between month, week, and day view by clicking the appropriate tabs. If you would like to edit an event, simply click on it. From here you can change start date, end date, and name. If you edit a repeating event, you have the option of making it apply to all future repeating events, or apply only to this. If you choose to make it apply only to that, you effectively break that event off from the other repeating events, and in the future if you modify the other repeating events it will not modify the one with the break. You cannot share an event when editing it. You must share it instead on creation. You also cannot submit the dialogue box that appears when adding an event to the calendar by pressing enter (this led to issues with the autocomplete for sharing). 
To access your notifications, mouse over the notification tab. A list of notifications will appear below this, and you can close each notification by clicking on the checkbox within the notification. To logout, click the logout button on the top right corner of the menu. This will bring you back to the login page.
